Rename section to Serverless and SaaS and add a paragraph explaining SaaS (#777)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/hosting/comparison.md

> We have two comparison tables: one for [serverless](#serverless) hosting and one for [VPS](#vps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have two comparison tables: one for [serverless](#serverless-and-paas) hosting and one for [VPS](#vps).
```

We have two comparison tables: one for [serverless](#serverless) hosting and one for [VPS](#vps).

### Serverless and PaaS

Serverless means that you do not control a single machine on which your bot is run.
Instead, these hosting providers will rather allow you to upload your code, and then start and stop different machines as necessary to make sure that your bot always works.

> The main thing to know about them is that on serverless infrastructures you are required to use [webhooks](../guide/deployment-types.md).

Reviewer 2: Most of providers below will have issues when you try running your bot with polling (`bot.start()` or grammY runner) on them.

> On the other hand, PaaS (Platform as a Service) provides a similar but more controlable solution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the other hand, PaaS (Platform as a Service) provides a similar but more controllable solution.
```

> You can choose how many machine instances will be serving your bot, and when they'll be running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can choose how many machine instances will be serving your bot, and when they are running.
```

> Using [polling](../guide/deployment-types.md) is also possible with PaaS if the provider you choose lets you keep a single instance running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using [polling](../guide/deployment-types.md) is also possible with PaaS if the provider you choose lets you keep exactly single instance running at all times.
```

Serverless and PaaS have a downside that doesn't provide you with a persistent storage by default, such as a local file system.
Instead, you will often have to have a database separately and connect to it if you need to store data permanently.

> We therefore recommend you to use a different kind of solution for more complex bots, e.g. [VPS](./vps.md).

Reviewer 2: Do we? Why is that?

Author: Do we what? Why is what?

Reviewer 2: > We therefore recommend you to use a different kind of solution for more complex bots, e.g. [VPS](./vps.md).

Do we recommend this? Why is a VPS more suited to complex bots?

Author: Do you mean I answer you that or add the answer of those to the page?

Reviewer 2: I just disagree. If you think so, please explain

Author: I didn’t write that. I assume that the one who wrote that meant that having direct access to the virtual machines gives you more control on the system generally, hence you can host bots that do more complex stuff there. I don’t know what they mean by complex in that case.

Reviewer 2: I just think it's plainly wrong

Reviewer 2: Let's remove it

Author: Seized and punched.

Author: test

Author: tset

Author: test

Author: a

Author: k

Author: w

Reviewer 2: I appreciate you working on the issue I opened

Author: thanks
